Link to NiPreps contributing guidelines (#896)
PennLINC/qsiprep: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to qsiprep

> Contributions are welcome. Please see the [guidelines for contributing to fmriprep](https://fmriprep.org/en/stable/api.html) and follow those here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contributions are welcome. Please see the [guidelines for contributing to NiPreps projects](https://www.nipreps.org/community/CONTRIBUTING/) and follow those here.
```
